# Privacy Policy

**Purpose of this privacy policy**

This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of the website
(“we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use, and disclosure of your
information on the “Site” and the services, features, content or
applications we offer (collectively with the Site, the “Services”). We
receive information about you from various sources, including: (i) your
use of the Services generally; and (ii) from third party websites and
services.

This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable
information (“Personal Data”) that is gathered when you are using or
accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of
any Personal Data that our business partners share with us or that we
share with our business partners.

When you use any of the Services, you are expressly consenting to the
collection, transfer, application, manipulation, storage, disclosure,
and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any
other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on
specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Data
about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your
data. This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and privacy policies
and is not intended to override them.

**Controller**

We are the controller and are responsible for your Personal Data
(collectively referred as “we”, “our” or “us”).

We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for
overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy. If you have any
questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise
your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager via the
contact form on this website.

**Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes**

We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. We may amend this
Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is
subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is
used. If we make changes in the way we collect or use information, we
will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending
you an email. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when
he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
It is important that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and
current to provide you appropriate notices and the best service. Please
keep us informed if your Personal Data changes during your relationship
with us.

**Third-party links**

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties
that we do not own or control, including, but not limited to, any
third-party websites, services, and applications (“Third Party
Services”) that you access through the Service, or to individuals that
we do not manage, control, or employ. While we attempt to facilitate
access only to those Third-Party Services that share our respect for
your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy
policies of those Third-Party Services. We encourage you to carefully
review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Services you access.

**What information do we collect?**

In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request,
collect, and display some of your Personal Data. Personal Data is any
information about an individual from which that person can be
identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed
(i.e., anonymous data). We collect the following types of information
from our users.

**Personal data**

You can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any
Personal Data. If you do not provide Personal Data when requested, we
may not be able to provide you with your requested Services.

When you use the Services, you may choose to register for an account and
provide Personal Data, such as your name and email address (“Identity
Data”). You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you,
and you allow others, including us, to identify you and therefore your
information may not be anonymous.

If you opt in to be eligible to win an award or receive a payment for
any giveaway, contest, or task, we are required to collect additional
Personal Data from you, such as your name, address, government
identification number, and date and place of birth (“Identity Data”), in
order to establish, confirm or authenticate your identity and to fulfill
our legal responsibilities related to Know Your Customer (“KYC”)
requirements.

**User content**

Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the
Services by means such as submitting written comments or transactions
(“Profile and User Data”). All content submitted by you to the Services
may be retained by us or others indefinitely, even after you terminate
your use of our Services. We may continue to disclose such content to
third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Data that you
provide to us, as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Transactions on the Network **

You may submit transactions, data, and other information to the Network
using our Services (“Profile and User Data”). All information submitted
to the Network is accessible by the public and is stored by distributed
and potentially anonymous parties across the globe. We do not retain any
control over any transaction data that you submit using our Services to
the Network. You acknowledge that all information that you submit to the
Network may be stored by third parties indefinitely.

**IP address information and other information collected automatically**

We automatically receive and record information from your web browser
when you interact with the Services, including your IP address and
cookie information (“Technical Data”). This information is used for
fighting security attacks, spam, and malware, and also to facilitate
collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g.,
what links you have clicked on).

Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as
which websites, links, and applications visitors were referred from, the
number and frequency of visitors to the Site and to each page, and the
geography of the visitors. We may use this data in aggregate form as a
statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you
personally. This type of aggregate data enables us, and third parties
authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the
Services so that we can analyze and improve our Services.

We may collect some device and browser specific information if you
access the Services using a mobile device and/or web browser. Device
information may include, but is not limited to, unique device
identifiers, the device’s operating system, mobile carrier and network
information, hardware model, location or GPS/geo-location, and how the
device interacts with our Services. Browser information may include the
type and version of your browser. We use this data in an aggregate form,
and not in a way that could identify you personally.

**Email communications**

We may receive a receipt and read confirmation when you open an email
from us. This confirmation may include the time which you opened the
email, the browser you used, the IP address, the email service provider,
other trackers, and the device used. We use this info to improve our
customer service and to send our users more relevant emails.

**Information collected using cookies**

Cookies are pieces of data that may be provided to your computer through
your web browser when you access a website. Your browser stores cookies
in a manner associated with each website you visit. We use cookies to
enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and
when you visit the Site and otherwise use the Services through the
Internet.

Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain Personal Data, and we do not
combine the general information collected through cookies with other
Personal Data to tell us who you are. As noted, however, we do use
cookies to identify that your web browser has accessed aspects of the
Services.

Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which
will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as
(depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you
to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We
strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they enable
you to take advantage the most attractive features of the Services.

This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover
the use of cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how
Third-Party Services place cookies on your computer. For example, Third
Party Services to which a link points may set cookies on your computer.

**Information related to advertising and the use of web beacons**

To support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and
also allow third parties advertisements, through the Services. These
advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and
may come from third party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks
include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and
research firms.

Advertisements served through the Services may be targeted to users who
fit a certain general profile category and may be based on anonymized
information inferred from information provided to us by a user,
including Personal Data (e.g., gender or age), may be based on the
Services usage patterns of particular users, or may be based on your
activity on Third Party Services. We do not provide Personal Data to any
ad networks for use outside of the Services.

To increase the effectiveness of ad delivery, we may deliver a file
(known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the
Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized and
aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for us and for advertisers.
Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to
you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request
these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers,
these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you
had requested a web page from their site.

**Aggregate data**

We collect statistical information about how users, collectively, use
the Services (“Aggregate Data”). Some of this information is derived
from Personal Data. This statistical information is not Personal Data
and cannot be tied back to you or directly or indirectly reveal your
identity.

**Information regarding your social networks**

Occasionally, you can use our Services to interact with your accounts on
other services, such as Facebook or Twitter. In addition to using your
third-party account credentials to sign in to the Services, you can
access posting and sharing tools on the Services, including a “share”
button that allows you to post information to your social networks
outside of the Services (“Share”). For example, after making a
transaction on the Services, you can Share information about that
transaction with your Facebook friends or Twitter followers. Please note
that these tools may be operated by Third Party Services.

By using these tools, you acknowledge that some Third-Party Services
account information may be transmitted into the Services, and that
Third-Party Services account information transmitted to our Services is
covered by this Privacy Policy. Additionally, when you use one of these
sharing tools, the Third-Party Service that operates the tool may be
collecting information about your browser or online activity through its
own tracking technologies and subject to its own privacy policy. Lastly,
when you use these tools, some of your information from the Services
(such as the transaction information you selected to Share) may be
shared with the Third-Party Service and others. Therefore, we encourage
you to read the privacy policies and other policies of the social
networks you use in connection with the Services.

**Special categories of personal data**

We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you
(this include details about your race or ethnicity, religious or
philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions,
trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and
biometric data). We also do not collect any information about criminal
convictions or offenses.

**How is your personal data collected?**

We use different methods to collect data from and about you including
through:

-   Direct Interactions. You may give use your Personal Data by filling
    in forms or corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or
    otherwise. This includes Personal Data you provide when you

    -   Register for an account;

    -   Opt in to be eligible to win an award or receive a payment for
        any giveaway, contest, or task;

    -   Submit user submissions;

    -   Submit transaction data to the Network;

    -   Request marketing to be sent to you; or

    -   Give us feedback or contact us.

-   Automated Technologies or Interactions. As you interact with our
    Site, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your
    equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this Personal
    Data by using cookies and other similar technologies.

-   Third Parties. We will receive Personal Data about you from various
    third parties as set out below:

    -   Analytics providers such as Google;

    -   Social Networks, such as Facebook and Twitter, as described
        above.

**How is the information we collect used?**

We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most
commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:

-   Where we need to perform a contract, we are about to enter into or
    have entered into with you. Performance of a contract means
    processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a
    contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request
    before entering into such a contract.

-   Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a
    third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not
    override those interests. Legitimate interest means the interest of
    a business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to
    give you the best service and the best and most secure experience.
    We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you
    (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your
    Personal Data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your
    Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by
    the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise
    required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information
    about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential
    impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.

-   Where we need to comply with a legal obligation. Comply with a legal
    obligation means using or processing your Personal Data where it is
    necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject
    to.

We use the information collected to (i) respond to your requests, (ii)
provide customer service; (iii) personalize your experience; (iv)
improve the Site; (v) give you information about your account or use;
and (vi) provide you with a safe, efficient and customized experience.
These activities our necessary for our legitimate interests as defined
above. If you receive an award or payment from us, we also may use the
information collected in order to establish, confirm, or authenticate
your identity and to fulfill our legal responsibilities related to Know
Your Customer (“KYC”) requirements. These activities are required to
identify you, perform a contract with you, and are necessary for our
legitimate interest.

We may use your contact information to respond to your requests or send
you information about our Services, but only when we feel such
information is important. You may unsubscribe from these messages by
clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link in our email communications or
switching your email preferences in your account settings. Please note
that, even if you unsubscribe, we reserve the right to contact you when
we believe it is necessary to inform you of high importance
notifications that may affect your rights.”

We use Aggregate Information about our users and non-Personal Data to
analyze Site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports, which is
necessary for our legitimate interests.

We use information from the Site to prevent, detect, and investigate
fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities,
and enforce our Terms of Service, which is necessary for our legitimate
interests.

We use your information to contact you about Site maintenance, provide
the Services, comply with your stated communication preferences, provide
you relevant educational material, provide other services requested by
you as described at the time we collect the information from you, send
you marketing communications, and contact you for other purposes
authorized by law.

When you access the Site on a mobile device, we may use the information
collected for any purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example,
we may use this information to provide you with location-based services,
such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.

**How, and with whom, is my information disclosed?**

The Services are designed to help you interact and share information
with others. As a result, some of the information generated through the
Services is shared publicly or with third parties.

**Public information about your activity on the services**

Some of your activity on and through the Services is public by default.
This may include, but is not limited to, content you have posted
publicly on the Site and all transactions and operations on the Network.

Information concerning users’ use of the Services (such as what pages
they have visited) may be tracked anonymously through the use of cookies
and stored privately by us.

Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Data using
certain public features of the Services, then that information is
governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be
publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or
disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and
without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information.
We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific
information you may deem private in content that you create or
information that you submit through the Services.

**IP address information**

While we collect and store IP address information, that information is
not made public. We do at times, however, share this information with
our affiliates, partners, service providers, and other persons with whom
we conduct business, and as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.

**Information you elect to share**

You may access other Third-Party Services through the Services, for
example by clicking on links to those Third-Party Services from within
the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or
practices of these Third-Party Services, and you are responsible for
reading and understanding those Third-Party Services’ privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services.

**Aggregate information**

We may share Aggregate Information with our affiliates, partners,
service providers, and other persons with whom we conduct business. We
share this type of statistical data so that our partners can understand
how and how often people use our Services and their services or
websites, which facilitates improving both their services and how our
Services interface with them. In addition, these third parties may share
with us non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-Personal Data about
you that they have independently developed or acquired.

**Email communications with us**

As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other
communications from us, such as communications relating to your use of
the Services. Communications relating to the Services will only be sent
for purposes important to the Services, such as Service updates,
notifications, customer service, and password recovery.

**Information shared with our agents**

We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform
certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our
“Agents”). We may need to share Personal Data with our Agents in order
to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently,
our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Data or other
information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Data with our Agents.

**Information disclosed pursuant to business transfers**

In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of
transactions, user information may be one of the transferred business
assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were to be
acquired, or if we were to go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user
information would be one of the assets that would be transferred or
acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may
occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use
your Personal Data as set forth in this policy.

**Information disclosed for our protection and the protection of
others**

We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any
information, including Personal Data, as we reasonably believe is
necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process
or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms
of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof,
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or
technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect
our rights, property, or safety, or that of our users and the public.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection, security attacks, and spam/malware
prevention.

We may also share any information with law enforcement, governmental
agencies, or authorized third-parties in response to a verified request
relating to a criminal investigation, alleged illegal activity, or any
other activity that may expose us, you, or any other user of the
Services to legal liability. In this regard, we may share your
information with third parties in response to a subpoena, document
discovery process, other legal process, and/or as permitted by law. In
such events, we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to
the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, state, zip code,
telephone number, government ID, email address, user ID history, IP
address, fraud complaints, and anything else we may deem relevant to the
investigation.

**Information we share with ad networks**

On the Site, we may work with third-parties to serve advertisements,
provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and
site analytics, and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages
and advertisements.

These third-parties may view, edit, or set their own tracking
technologies and/or cookies. The use of these technologies by these
third-parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not
covered by this Privacy Policy. They might also obtain information about
other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the
mobile websites you visit, and other information about you or your
device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on
the Site and elsewhere. For more information about third-party ad
servers at our Site and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising
from such third-parties, please
visit [*http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/*](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
The effect of an opt-out may be to stop targeted advertising, but it may
still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes (e.g.,
research, analytics, and internal online services operation purposes).

**Information we share with companies in the mobile app industry**

If you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also share your
information with carriers, operating systems, and platforms.

**Information we share with your consent**

Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Data
may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing
of this information.

**International transfers**

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), your Personal
Data may be transferred outside the EEA. Our offices are in the United
States and your data is stored there. Many of our external third parties
are based outside the EEA, so their processing of your Personal Data
will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. Whenever we transfer
your Personal Data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of
protection is afforded to it by ensuring that your data is given the
same protection it has in the EEA.

**Is information about me secure?**

We seek to protect Personal Data to ensure that it is kept private;
however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Data.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other
factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures to
protect the security of your Personal Data against loss, misuse,
unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. Some of the safeguards
we use are firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our
data centers, and information access authorization controls. We do not
guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized
access to information about you that we store, Personal Data or
otherwise.

In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees,
agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to
know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions, and
they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data
breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach
where we are legally required to do so.

It is your responsibility to make sure that your Personal Data is
accurate and that your password(s), private keys, and account
registration information are secure and not shared with third-parties.
We cannot assist in recovery of the loss of private keys.

**How long will you use my personal data for?**

We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably
necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the
purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or
reporting requirements. We may retain your Personal Data for a longer
period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is
a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.

To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we
consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the
potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your
Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, and
whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the
applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements.

By law we have to keep basic information about our customers for six
years after they cease being customers.

In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data; see your legal
rights below for further information.

In some circumstances we will anonymize your Personal Data (so that it
can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical
purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without
further notice to you.

**What information of mine can I access?**

Users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.

You may email support at any time to obtain a copy of the information
that we may have gathered and retained about you.

Registered members can review and change Personal Data at any time by
accessing their accounts on the Site. You should promptly update your
Personal Data if it changes or becomes inaccurate.

We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can
comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve
disputes, analyze, or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of
Service, and take other actions permitted by law. Likewise, if your
account is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to
prevent re-registration.

**Notice to California residents**

California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections
1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a
notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which
we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes
and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third
parties.

If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice,
please submit a written request to us via the support form on this
website. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your Privacy
Rights” in the subject line of your request, as well as your name,
street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request,
please provide enough information for us to determine if this notice
applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a US
resident and provide a current US address for our response. Please note
that we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile, and
we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent
properly, or that do not have complete information.

**How we respond to do not track signals for California residents**

California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended
effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are
entitled to know how our Site responds to “Do Not Track” browser
settings. We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track
signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been
developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a
standard once one is created.

**Children’s privacy**

The Site is a general audience site and is not intended for anyone under
the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data via our
websites, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group.

**What choices do I have regarding my information?**

You may choose not to access our Services if you do not consent to the
collection and usage of your information as described in this policy.

You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, with the
understanding that this may limit your ability to use some features.

You may email us and request that we delete all of your Personal Data.
We will make such a deletion within fifteen (15) business days.

**Legal rights for EEA residents**

EEA Residents have the following rights under data protection laws:

-   Request access to your Personal Data (commonly known as “data
    subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the
    Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully
    processing it.

-   Request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you. This
    enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about
    you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new
    data you provide to us.

-   Request erasure of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to
    delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us
    continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to
    delete or remove your Personal Data where you have successfully
    exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we
    may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are
    required to erase your Personal Data to comply with local law. Note,
    however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request
    of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you,
    if applicable, at the time of your request.

-   Object to processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on a
    legitimate interest (or those of a third party), and there is
    something about your particular situation which makes you want to
    object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your
    fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object
    where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing
    purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling
    legitimate grounds to process your information which override your
    rights and freedoms.

-   Request restriction of processing of your Personal Data. This
    enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal
    Data in the following scenarios:

    -   If you want to establish the data’s accuracy;

    -   Where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to
        erase it;

    -   Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require
        it as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal
        claims;

    -   You have an objection to our use of your data, but we need to
        verify whether you have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.

-   Request the transfer of your Personal Data to you or to a third
    party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen,
    your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable
    format. Note that this right only applies to automated information
    which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used
    the information to perform a contract with you.

-   Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to
    process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the
    lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
    consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide
    certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is
    the case at the time you withdraw your consent.

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact
us via the support form on this website.

You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable
fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these
circumstances.

We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to
exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure
that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to
receive it. We may also contact you to ask you further information in
relation to your request to speed up our response.

We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is
particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
