# Terms of Use

**Terms**

By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms
of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are
responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not
agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or
accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are
protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

**The risk of loss in trading or holding Digital Currency can be
substantial. You should therefore carefully consider whether trading or
holding Digital Currency is suitable for you in light of your financial
condition.**

**Use License**

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on the website for personal, non-commercial
transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer
of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the
materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any
public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or
reverse engineer any software contained on this website; remove any
copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer
the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other
server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of
these restrictions and may be terminated by us at any time. Upon
terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of
this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your
possession whether in electronic or printed format.

**Lost Passwords**

***WARNING: In many cases, a lost or forgotten password can result in
the inability to transfer digital currency!***

***We do not store passwords. IF YOU LOSE YOUR PASSWORD, YOU LOSE ALL
ACCESS TO YOUR DIGITAL CURRENCY.***

**Eligibility**

By accessing or using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are
at least 18 years old and have not previously been suspended or removed
from the Site. You also represent and warrant that you are not a
resident of a Restricted Location as listed below. The list of
Restricted States is subject to change at any time.

RESTRICTED LOCATIONS: NORTH KOREA, IRAN, CUBA, NEW YORK STATE (USA),
WASHINGTON STATE (USA), NEW HAMPSHIRE (USA)

**Third Parties**

We have no control over, or liability for, the delivery, quality,
safety, legality or any other aspect of any goods or services that you
may purchase or sell to or from a third party. This website is a GUI and
customers do not trade through our software but are directed to
different third-party decentralized exchanges. We are not responsible
for ensuring that a buyer or a seller you may transact with will
actually complete the transaction or is authorized to do so. If you
experience a problem with any goods or services purchased from, or sold
to, a third party in connection with Digital Currency transferred using
our services, or if you have a dispute with such third party, you must
resolve the dispute directly with that third party.

**Digital Currency Protocols**

We do not own or control the underlying software protocols which govern
the operation of Digital Currencies supported on our platform. In
general, the underlying protocols are open source, and anyone can use,
copy, modify, and distribute them. By using this website, you
acknowledge and agree (i) that we are not responsible for operation of
the underlying protocols and that we make no guarantee of their
functionality, security, or availability; and (ii) that the underlying
protocols are subject to sudden changes in operating rules (a/k/a
“forks”), and that such forks may materially affect the value, function,
and/or even the name of the Digital Currency. In the event of a fork,
you agree that we may temporarily suspend our operations (with or
without advance notice to you) and that we may, in our sole discretion,
decide whether or not to support (or cease supporting) either branch of
the forked protocol entirely. You acknowledge and agree that we assume
absolutely no responsibility whatsoever in respect of an unsupported
branch of a forked protocol.

**Conversion**

Eligible users in certain jurisdictions may use the interface to assist
in the conversion of supported Digital Currency. **We are not a
counterparty to these conversions.** We provide an API or "Application
Program Interface" which provides digital currency addresses which are
generally used to convert from one digital currency to another. We take
no responsibility if a conversion does not complete as expected. Any
disputes should be directed to the owner of the associated digital
currency address. The conversions are subject to our "conversion rate"
for the given transaction, which are derived from digital currency
networks. "Conversion rate" means the price of a given supported Digital
Currency amount as quoted on our API, which may be displayed on the
website. The conversion rate is stated as a "Price" or as a "Rate,"
which is the price in terms of Digital Currency at which you may convert
a supported Digital Currency on a digital currency network. You
acknowledge that the price conversion rate may not be exactly as stated
on the website, and that we may add a margin or “spread” to the quoted
conversion rate. You agree, as a condition of using any of our
conversion Services, to accept the conversion rate as the sole
conversion metric. We reserve the right to delay any conversion Service
transaction if it perceives a risk of fraud or illegal activity. We do
not guarantee the availability of our conversion Service, and the act of
converting supported Digital Currency does not result in a guarantee
that you may convert your supported Digital Currency again at a later
time.

Each Conversion Service transaction is subject to a fee (a "Conversion
Fee"). The applicable Conversion Fee is reflected in the price or rate
displayed on the website.

**You cannot cancel, reverse, or change any transaction marked as
complete or pending. **

If we suspect the transaction involves (or has a high risk of
involvement in) money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any
other type of financial crime; in response to a subpoena, court order,
or other government order; if we reasonably suspect that the transaction
is erroneous; or if we suspect the transaction relates to Prohibited Use
or a Prohibited Business as set forth below. In such instances, we will
reverse the transaction and we are under no obligation to allow you to
reinstate a purchase or sale order at the same price or on the same
terms as the cancelled transaction.

**Disclaimer**

The materials on the website are provided on an 'as is' basis. We make
no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all
other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or
conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the
accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on
the website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites
linked to this site.

**Limitation of Liability**

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OUR AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF
THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES
OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE (A) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER
BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH AUTHORIZED OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF
THE WEBSITE OR THE ASSOCIATED SERVICES, OR THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE WEBSITE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR KNEW OR
SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS MEANS, BY WAY
OF EXAMPLE ONLY (AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE SCOPE OF THE PRECEDING
SENTENCE), THAT IF YOU CLAIM THAT WE FAILED TO PROCESS A BUY OR SELL
TRANSACTION PROPERLY, YOUR DAMAGES ARE LIMITED TO NO MORE THAN THE VALUE
OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE TRANSACTION, AND THAT
YOU MAY NOT RECOVER FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITES, OR
OTHER TYPES OF SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL
CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE TRANSACTION.SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE
ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. **THE WEBSITE SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.** TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE, ANY PART OF THE
ASSOCIATED SERVICES, OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE
CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR ERROR-FREE.

In no event shall we or our suppliers be liable for any damages
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or
due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use
the materials on the website, even if we or our authorized
representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility
of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on
implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

**Arbitration**

**PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR
LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO
HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS.**

To expedite and control the cost of disputes, you and we agree that any
legal or equitable claim arising out of or relating to your use of the
Services or these Terms, including the formation, validity,
enforceability, scope, or applicability of these Terms, including this
Section (referred to as a “Claim”) will be resolved as follows: except
for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding
intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent
court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under your use
of the Services shall be finally settled on an individual basis through
confidential, binding arbitration in accordance with the American
Arbitration Association (AAA) rules for arbitration of consumer-related
disputes, available at https://www.adr.org, and you and we hereby
expressly waive trial by jury. This means that all claims other than
intellectual property lawsuits, such as copyright or trademark
infringement lawsuits, or claims seeking non-monetary relief would be
subject to binding arbitration. This includes claims which may pre-date
this agreement. The arbitration shall take place in a location agreed
upon by both parties, in the English language and the arbitral decision
may be enforced in any court. At your request, hearings may be conducted
in person or by telephone and the arbitrator may provide for submitting
and determining motions on briefs, without oral hearings. Payment of all
filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA
rules. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this
agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees. To begin an
arbitration proceeding, you must send us a certified letter.

ADDITIONALLY, YOU HEREBY WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS
ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS - WIDE ARBITRATION. We each agree that any
dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual
basis and not in a CLASS ACTION, consolidated or representative action.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration,
we each waive any right to a jury trial. If a court or federal regulator
with oversight over the website decides that applicable law precludes
enforcement of any of this section’s limitations as to a particular
claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed
from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to your and
our right to appeal the court's decision. All other claims will be
arbitrated.

**Accuracy of Materials**

The materials appearing on the website could include technical,
typographical, or photographic errors. we do not warrant that any of the
materials on the website are accurate, complete or current. We may make
changes to the materials contained on the website at any time without
notice. However, we do not make any commitment to update the materials.

**General Provisions**

Entire Agreement: This Agreement, and the Privacy Policy by reference
herein comprise the entire understanding and agreement between you and
us as to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior
discussions, agreements and understandings of any kind (including
without limitation any prior versions of this Agreement), and every
nature between and among you and us. Section headings in this Agreement
are for convenience only and shall not govern the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Assignment: You may not assign any rights and/or licenses granted under
this Agreement. We reserve the right to assign our rights without
restriction, including without limitation to any of our affiliates or
subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated
with our Services. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation
hereof shall be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and
permitted assigns.

Severability: If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to
be invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law or regulation or any
governmental agency, local, provincial, or federal, such provision will
be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of the provision
to the greatest extent possible under any applicable law and the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement
shall not be affected.

Change of Control: In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a
third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances,
to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part
of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.

Survival: All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature extend
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including,
without limitation, sections pertaining to suspension or termination,
website Account cancellation, debts owed to us, general use of the
website, disputes with us, and general provisions, shall survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Force Majeure: We shall not be liable for delays, failure in performance
or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any
cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not
limited to, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act of civil or
military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war, strike
or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or
Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment
and/or software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is
beyond our reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.

**Links**

We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to the website and are not
responsible for the content of any such linked sites. The inclusion of
any link does not imply endorsement by us. Use of any such linked
website is at the user's own risk.

**Modifications**

We may revise these terms of service for the website at any time without
notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then
current version of these terms of service.

**Governing Law**

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the United States and you irrevocably submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
